
Ingredients
Makes 18

DOUGH
3 cups (420 g) all-purpose flour
2 tsp. kosher salt
1 tsp. ground turmeric
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into 1" pieces, frozen
1 large egg, lightly beaten
1 tsp. distilled white vinegar
FILLING AND ASSEMBLY
2 Tbsp. vegetable oil
1 lb. ground beef chuck (20% fat)
1 small onion, finely chopped
1 medium Scotch bonnet or habanero chile, stemmed, finely chopped
6 garlic cloves, finely chopped
1 Tbsp. ground allspice
1½ tsp. freshly ground black pepper
½ tsp. smoked paprika
2 cups homemade beef stock or low-sodium beef broth
Kosher salt
4 scallions, light green and whites parts finely chopped
1 Tbsp. thyme, finely chopped
All-purpose flour (for dusting)
1 large egg

SPECIAL EQUIPMENT
A 5"-diameter round pastry cutter
Preparation
DOUGH
Step 1
Pulse flour, salt, and turmeric in a food processor to combine. Add butter and pulse until mixture is crumbly and pieces of butter are evenly distributed.
Step 2
Whisk egg, vinegar, and ¾ cup ice-cold water in a small bowl to combine. Add to flour mixture and pulse until a smooth ball of dough forms. Wrap dough and chill until cold, about 1 hour.

FILLING AND ASSEMBLY
Step 3
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium until hot. Cook beef, breaking up into pieces, until nearly cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon, leaving fat behind. Add onion, chile, and garlic to pan and cook, stirring often, until vegetables are softened, about 3 minutes.
Step 4
Add allspice, pepper, and paprika. Stir to combine, reduce heat to low, and return beef to pan. Add stock and use a wooden spoon to scrape up any browned bits on bottom of pan. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until about half of the liquid has evaporated, 5–8 minutes. Season with salt and remove from heat. Add scallions and thyme. Taste and adjust seasoning. Let cool slightly.
Step 5
Place a rack in lower third of oven; preheat to 375°. Lightly flour a rolling pin. Cut dough in half on a lightly floured work surface. Working with one half at a time, roll dough to ⅛" thick. Cut dough with 5" round pastry cutter. Place 2 Tbsp. meat filling on one-half of each round, leaving a ½" border. Brush edges of dough with water. Fold dough over filling to make a half-moon shape. Press edges with the tines of a fork to seal. Repeat process with remaining dough and filling, rerolling scraps as needed. Transfer patties to a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Step 6
Whisk egg and 2 Tbsp. water in a small bowl to combine. Brush top of each patty with egg wash.
Step 7
Bake patties until golden brown and cooked through, 20–25 minutes. Let sit 5 minutes before serving.
Step 8
Do Ahead: Patties can be baked up to 5 days ahead. Cover and chill, or freeze up to 1 month. Reheat in a 375° oven.
